.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

## Screenshots (optional)

## Type of change

<!--Please delete options that are not relevant.-->

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Checklist:

<!--Please delete options that are not relevant.-->

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes

Commit message:

docs: Update PR template.
- Puts the description info in a comment.
- Adds comments to screenshots section.
- Removes the comments telling people to remove checkbox lines.
- Adds new checklist items for CLA/build/test.

Change-Id: I2d3b66c9b1a16eb489f8d65526a17c4ad4e4fae9

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

## Description

<!--
  Give the PR a helpful title that summaries what this PR changes. Here, include
  a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Also include relevant
  motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this
  change.

  If this fixes any issues, include lines like this:
  Fixes #123
-->


## Screenshots (optional)

<!--
  If you change the UI, add before and after screenshots demonstrating your
  changes.
-->


## Type of change

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to
  not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Checklist:

- [ ] I have signed the Google CLA <https://cla.developers.google.com>
- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] I have verified my change on multiple browsers on different platforms
- [ ] I have run `./build/all.py` and the build passes
- [ ] I have run `./build/test.py` and all tests pass
