README.md, before:

# ![Shaka Player](docs/shaka-player-logo.png)

Shaka Player is an open-source JavaScript library for adaptive media.  It plays
adaptive media formats (such as [DASH][] and [HLS][]) in a browser, without
using plugins or Flash.  Instead, Shaka Player uses the open web standards
[MediaSource Extensions][] and [Encrypted Media Extensions][].

Shaka Player also supports [offline storage and playback][] of media using
[IndexedDB][].  Content can be stored on any browser.  Storage of licenses
depends on browser support.

Our main goal is to make it as easy as possible to stream adaptive bitrate
video and audio using modern browser technologies. We try to keep the library
light, simple, and free from third-party dependencies. Everything you need to
build and deploy is in the sources.

For details on what's coming next, see our [development roadmap](roadmap.md).

[DASH]: http://dashif.org/
[HLS]: https://developer.apple.com/streaming/
[MediaSource Extensions]: https://www.w3.org/TR/media-source/
[Encrypted Media Extensions]: https://www.w3.org/TR/encrypted-media/
[IndexedDB]: https://www.w3.org/TR/IndexedDB-2/
[offline storage and playback]: https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/tutorial-offline.html


## Platform and browser support matrix

|Browser    |Windows   |Mac      |Linux    |Android  |iOS >= 12 |ChromeOS|Other|
|:---------:|:--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:--------:|:------:|:---:|
|Chrome¹    |**Y**     |**Y**    |**Y**    |**Y**    |**Native**|**Y**   | -   |
|Firefox¹   |**Y**     |**Y**    |**Y**    |untested⁵|**Native**| -      | -   |
|Edge¹      |**Y**     | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      | -   |
|Edge Chromium|**Y**     |**Y**    |**Y**     |untested⁵|**Native**| -      | -   |
|IE         | N        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      | -   |
|Safari¹    | -        |**Y**    | -       | -       |**iPadOS 13<br>Native**| - | - |
|Opera¹     |untested⁵ |untested⁵|untested⁵|untested⁵|**Native**| -      | -   |
|Chromecast²| -        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      |**Y**|
|Tizen TV³  | -        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      |**Y**|
|WebOS⁶     | -        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      |**Y**|
|Xbox One   | -        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      |**Y**|

NOTES:
 - ¹: On macOS, only Safari 12+ is supported.  On iOS, only iOS 12+ is
   supported.  Older versions will be rejected.
 - ²: The latest stable Chromecast firmware is tested. Both sender and receiver
   can be implemented with Shaka Player.
 - ³: Tizen 2017 model is actively tested and supported by the Shaka Player
   team. Tizen 2016 model is community-supported and untested by us.
 - ⁵: These are expected to work, but are not actively tested by the Shaka
   Player team.
 - ⁶: These are expected to work, but are community-supported and untested by
   us.
     - Official support for LG WebOS TV:
       https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1330

We support iOS 12+ through Apple's native HLS player.  We provide the same
top-level API, but we just set the video's `src` element to the manifest/media.
So we are dependent on the browser supporting the manifests.

### Shaka Player Embedded (for native iOS)

We have another project called [Shaka Player Embedded][] which offers the same
features and similar APIs for native apps on iOS. This project uses its own
media stack, which allows it to play content that would otherwise not be
supported. This supports both DASH and HLS manifests.

[Shaka Player Embedded]: https://github.com/google/shaka-player-embedded


## Manifest format support matrix

|Format|Video On-Demand|Live |Event|In-Progress Recording|
|:----:|:-------------:|:---:|:---:|:-------------------:|
|DASH  |**Y**          |**Y**| -   |**Y**                |
|HLS   |**Y**          |**Y**|**Y**| -                   |

You can also create a [manifest parser plugin][] to support custom manifest
formats.

[manifest parser plugin]: https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/tutorial-manifest-parser.html


## DASH features

DASH features supported:
 - VOD, Live, and In-Progress Recordings (dynamic VOD content)
 - MPD@timeShiftBufferDepth for seeking backward in Live streams
 - Multi-period content (static and dynamic)
 - Xlink elements (actuate=onLoad only, resolve-to-zero, fallback content)
 - All forms of segment index info: SegmentBase@indexRange, SegmentTimeline,
   SegmentTemplate@duration, SegmentTemplate@index, SegmentList
 - Multi-codec/multi-container manifests (we will negotiate support with the
   browser and choose the best ones)
 - Encrypted content (including custom ContentProtection schemas, PSSH in the
   manifest)
 - Key rotation
 - Trick mode tracks
 - WebVTT and TTML
 - CEA-608/708 captions

DASH features **not** supported:
 - Xlink with actuate=onRequest
 - Manifests without any segment info:
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1088
 - Changing codecs during a presentation (unsupported by MSE)
 - Multiple trick mode tracks for the same resolution at varying framerates or
   bitrates
 - Timescales so large that timestamps cannot be represented as integers in
   JavaScript (2^53): https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1667


## HLS features

HLS features supported:
 - VOD, Live, and Event types
 - Low-latency streaming with partial segments, preload hints, and delta updates
 - Discontinuity
 - ISO-BMFF / MP4 / CMAF support
 - MPEG-2 TS support (transmuxing provided by [mux.js][] v5.7.0+, must be
   separately included)
 - WebVTT and TTML
 - CEA-608/708 captions
 - Encrypted content with PlayReady and Widevine
 - Encrypted content with FairPlay (Safari on macOS and iOS 12+ only)
 - Raw AAC, MP3, etc (without an MP4 container)

HLS features **not** supported:
 - Key rotation: https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/917
 - I-frame-only playlists: https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/742
 - Low-latency streaming with blocking playlist reload

[mux.js]: https://github.com/videojs/mux.js/releases


## DRM support matrix

|Browser   |Widevine  |PlayReady|FairPlay |ClearKey⁶ |
|:--------:|:--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:--------:|
|Chrome¹   |**Y**     | -       | -       |**Y**     |
|Firefox²  |**Y**     | -       | -       |**Y**     |
|Edge³     | -        |**Y**    | -       | -        |
|Edge Chromium|**Y**     |**Y**    | -       |**Y**     |
|Safari    | -        | -       |**Y**    | -        |
|Opera     |untested⁵ | -       | -       |untested⁵ |
|Chromecast|**Y**     |**Y**    | -       |untested⁵ |
|Tizen TV  |**Y**     |**Y**    | -       |untested⁵ |
|WebOS⁷    |untested⁷ |untested⁷| -       |untested⁷ |
|Xbox One  | -        |**Y**    | -       | -        |

Other DRM systems should work out of the box if they are interoperable and
compliant to the EME spec.

NOTES:
 - ¹: Only official Chrome builds contain the Widevine CDM.  Chromium built from
   source does not support DRM.
 - ²: DRM must be enabled by the user.  The first time a Firefox user visits a
   site with encrypted media, the user will be prompted to enable DRM.
 - ³: PlayReady in Edge does not seem to work on a VM or over Remote Desktop.
 - ⁵: These are expected to work, but are not actively tested by the Shaka
   Player team.
 - ⁶: ClearKey is a useful tool for debugging, and does not provide actual
   content security.
 - ⁷: These are expected to work, but are community-supported and untested by
   us.

|Manifest  |Widevine  |PlayReady|FairPlay |ClearKey  |
|:--------:|:--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:--------:|
|DASH      |**Y**     |**Y**    | -       |**Y**     |
|HLS       |**Y**     |**Y**    |**Y** ¹  | -        |

NOTES:
 - ¹: By default, FairPlay is handled using Apple's native HLS player, when on
   Safari. We do support FairPlay through MSE/EME, however. See the
   `streaming.useNativeHlsOnSafari` configuration value.


## Media container and subtitle support

Shaka Player supports:
  - ISO-BMFF / CMAF / MP4
    - Depends on browser support for the container via MediaSource
    - Can parse "sidx" box for DASH's SegmentBase@indexRange and
      SegmentTemplate@index
    - Can find and parse "tfdt" box to find segment start time in HLS
  - WebM
    - Depends on browser support for the container via MediaSource
    - Can parse [cueing data][] elements for DASH's SegmentBase@indexRange and
      SegmentTemplate@index
    - Not supported in HLS
  - MPEG-2 TS
    - With help from [mux.js][] v5.7.0+, can be played on any browser which
      supports MP4
    - Can find and parse timestamps to find segment start time in HLS
  - WebVTT
    - Supported in both text form and embedded in MP4
  - TTML
    - Supported in both XML form and embedded in MP4
  - CEA-608
    - Supported embedded in MP4
    - With help from [mux.js][] v5.7.0+, supported embedded in TS
  - CEA-708
    - Supported embedded in MP4
    - With help from [mux.js][] v5.7.0+, supported embedded in TS
  - SubRip (SRT)
    - UTF-8 encoding only
  - LyRiCs (LRC)
    - UTF-8 encoding only
  - SubStation Alpha (SSA, ASS)
    - UTF-8 encoding only
  - SubViewer (SBV)
    - UTF-8 encoding only

Subtitles are rendered by the browser by default. Applications can create a
[text display plugin][] for customer rendering to go beyond browser-supported
attributes.

[cueing data]: https://www.webmproject.org/docs/container/#cueing-data
[text display plugin]: https://nightly-dot-shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/shaka.extern.TextDisplayer.html
<!-- TODO: replace with a link to a TextDisplayer tutorial -->


## Documentation & Important Links ##

 * [Demo](https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com)([sources](demo/))
 * [API documentation](https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/index.html)
 * [Tutorials](https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/tutorial-welcome.html)
 * [Hosted builds on Google Hosted Libraries](https://developers.google.com/speed/libraries/#shaka-player)
 * [Hosted builds on jsDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/shaka-player)
 * [Development roadmap](roadmap.md)
 * [Announcement list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/shaka-player-users)
     ([join](docs/announcement-list-join-group.png) for release and survey
      announcements)


## FAQ ##

For general help and before filing any bugs, please read the
[FAQ](docs/tutorials/faq.md).


## Contributing ##

If you have improvements or fixes, we would love to have your contributions.
Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)
for more information on the process we would like contributors to follow.


## Framework Integrations ##

The Shaka team doesn't have the bandwidth and experience to provide guidance and
support for integrating Shaka Player with specific frameworks, but some of our
users have successfully done so and created tutorials to help other beginners.

Shaka + ReactJS integrations:
- https://github.com/matvp91/shaka-player-react
- https://github.com/amit08255/shaka-player-react-with-ui-config

Shaka + Next.js integration:
- https://github.com/amit08255/shaka-player-react-with-ui-config/tree/master/nextjs-shaka-player

Shaka + Vue.js integrations:
- https://github.com/davidjamesherzog/shaka-player-vuejs

Shaka + Nuxt.js integration:
- https://github.com/davidjamesherzog/shaka-player-nuxtjs

Shaka + video.js integration:
- https://github.com/davidjamesherzog/videojs-shaka

Shaka + Angular integration:
- https://github.com/PatrickKalkman/shaka-player-angular

If you have published Shaka Integration code/tutorials, please feel free to submit PRs
to add them to this list, we will gladly approve!

Commit message:

Disallow HLS parser in old browsers/platforms

README.md, after:

# ![Shaka Player](docs/shaka-player-logo.png)

Shaka Player is an open-source JavaScript library for adaptive media.  It plays
adaptive media formats (such as [DASH][] and [HLS][]) in a browser, without
using plugins or Flash.  Instead, Shaka Player uses the open web standards
[MediaSource Extensions][] and [Encrypted Media Extensions][].

Shaka Player also supports [offline storage and playback][] of media using
[IndexedDB][].  Content can be stored on any browser.  Storage of licenses
depends on browser support.

Our main goal is to make it as easy as possible to stream adaptive bitrate
video and audio using modern browser technologies. We try to keep the library
light, simple, and free from third-party dependencies. Everything you need to
build and deploy is in the sources.

For details on what's coming next, see our [development roadmap](roadmap.md).

[DASH]: http://dashif.org/
[HLS]: https://developer.apple.com/streaming/
[MediaSource Extensions]: https://www.w3.org/TR/media-source/
[Encrypted Media Extensions]: https://www.w3.org/TR/encrypted-media/
[IndexedDB]: https://www.w3.org/TR/IndexedDB-2/
[offline storage and playback]: https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/tutorial-offline.html


## Platform and browser support matrix

|Browser    |Windows   |Mac      |Linux    |Android  |iOS >= 12 |ChromeOS|Other|
|:---------:|:--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:--------:|:------:|:---:|
|Chrome¹    |**Y**     |**Y**    |**Y**    |**Y**    |**Native**|**Y**   | -   |
|Firefox¹   |**Y**     |**Y**    |**Y**    |untested⁵|**Native**| -      | -   |
|Edge¹      |**Y**     | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      | -   |
|Edge Chromium|**Y**     |**Y**    |**Y**     |untested⁵|**Native**| -      | -   |
|IE         | N        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      | -   |
|Safari¹    | -        |**Y**    | -       | -       |**iPadOS 13<br>Native**| - | - |
|Opera¹     |untested⁵ |untested⁵|untested⁵|untested⁵|**Native**| -      | -   |
|Chromecast²| -        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      |**Y**|
|Tizen TV³  | -        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      |**Y**|
|WebOS⁶     | -        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      |**Y**|
|Xbox One   | -        | -       | -       | -       | -        | -      |**Y**|

NOTES:
 - ¹: On macOS, only Safari 12+ is supported.  On iOS, only iOS 12+ is
   supported.  Older versions will be rejected.
 - ²: The latest stable Chromecast firmware is tested. Both sender and receiver
   can be implemented with Shaka Player.
 - ³: Tizen 2017 model is actively tested and supported by the Shaka Player
   team. Tizen 2016 model is community-supported and untested by us.
 - ⁵: These are expected to work, but are not actively tested by the Shaka
   Player team.
 - ⁶: These are expected to work, but are community-supported and untested by
   us.
     - Official support for LG WebOS TV:
       https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1330

We support iOS 12+ through Apple's native HLS player.  We provide the same
top-level API, but we just set the video's `src` element to the manifest/media.
So we are dependent on the browser supporting the manifests.

### Shaka Player Embedded (for native iOS)

We have another project called [Shaka Player Embedded][] which offers the same
features and similar APIs for native apps on iOS. This project uses its own
media stack, which allows it to play content that would otherwise not be
supported. This supports both DASH and HLS manifests.

[Shaka Player Embedded]: https://github.com/google/shaka-player-embedded


## Manifest format support matrix

|Format|Video On-Demand|Live |Event|In-Progress Recording|
|:----:|:-------------:|:---:|:---:|:-------------------:|
|DASH  |**Y**          |**Y**| -   |**Y**                |
|HLS   |**Y**          |**Y**|**Y**| -                   |

You can also create a [manifest parser plugin][] to support custom manifest
formats.

[manifest parser plugin]: https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/tutorial-manifest-parser.html


## DASH features

DASH features supported:
 - VOD, Live, and In-Progress Recordings (dynamic VOD content)
 - MPD@timeShiftBufferDepth for seeking backward in Live streams
 - Multi-period content (static and dynamic)
 - Xlink elements (actuate=onLoad only, resolve-to-zero, fallback content)
 - All forms of segment index info: SegmentBase@indexRange, SegmentTimeline,
   SegmentTemplate@duration, SegmentTemplate@index, SegmentList
 - Multi-codec/multi-container manifests (we will negotiate support with the
   browser and choose the best ones)
 - Encrypted content (including custom ContentProtection schemas, PSSH in the
   manifest)
 - Key rotation
 - Trick mode tracks
 - WebVTT and TTML
 - CEA-608/708 captions

DASH features **not** supported:
 - Xlink with actuate=onRequest
 - Manifests without any segment info:
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1088
 - Changing codecs during a presentation (unsupported by MSE)
 - Multiple trick mode tracks for the same resolution at varying framerates or
   bitrates
 - Timescales so large that timestamps cannot be represented as integers in
   JavaScript (2^53): https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1667


## HLS features

**Only supported on browsers with SourceBuffer.mode=sequence support**

HLS features supported:
 - VOD, Live, and Event types
 - Low-latency streaming with partial segments, preload hints, and delta updates
 - Discontinuity
 - ISO-BMFF / MP4 / CMAF support
 - MPEG-2 TS support (transmuxing provided by [mux.js][] v5.7.0+, must be
   separately included)
 - WebVTT and TTML
 - CEA-608/708 captions
 - Encrypted content with PlayReady and Widevine
 - Encrypted content with FairPlay (Safari on macOS and iOS 12+ only)
 - Raw AAC, MP3, etc (without an MP4 container)

HLS features **not** supported:
 - Key rotation: https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/917
 - I-frame-only playlists: https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/742
 - Low-latency streaming with blocking playlist reload

[mux.js]: https://github.com/videojs/mux.js/releases


## DRM support matrix

|Browser   |Widevine  |PlayReady|FairPlay |ClearKey⁶ |
|:--------:|:--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:--------:|
|Chrome¹   |**Y**     | -       | -       |**Y**     |
|Firefox²  |**Y**     | -       | -       |**Y**     |
|Edge³     | -        |**Y**    | -       | -        |
|Edge Chromium|**Y**     |**Y**    | -       |**Y**     |
|Safari    | -        | -       |**Y**    | -        |
|Opera     |untested⁵ | -       | -       |untested⁵ |
|Chromecast|**Y**     |**Y**    | -       |untested⁵ |
|Tizen TV  |**Y**     |**Y**    | -       |untested⁵ |
|WebOS⁷    |untested⁷ |untested⁷| -       |untested⁷ |
|Xbox One  | -        |**Y**    | -       | -        |

Other DRM systems should work out of the box if they are interoperable and
compliant to the EME spec.

NOTES:
 - ¹: Only official Chrome builds contain the Widevine CDM.  Chromium built from
   source does not support DRM.
 - ²: DRM must be enabled by the user.  The first time a Firefox user visits a
   site with encrypted media, the user will be prompted to enable DRM.
 - ³: PlayReady in Edge does not seem to work on a VM or over Remote Desktop.
 - ⁵: These are expected to work, but are not actively tested by the Shaka
   Player team.
 - ⁶: ClearKey is a useful tool for debugging, and does not provide actual
   content security.
 - ⁷: These are expected to work, but are community-supported and untested by
   us.

|Manifest  |Widevine  |PlayReady|FairPlay |ClearKey  |
|:--------:|:--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:--------:|
|DASH      |**Y**     |**Y**    | -       |**Y**     |
|HLS       |**Y**     |**Y**    |**Y** ¹  | -        |

NOTES:
 - ¹: By default, FairPlay is handled using Apple's native HLS player, when on
   Safari. We do support FairPlay through MSE/EME, however. See the
   `streaming.useNativeHlsOnSafari` configuration value.


## Media container and subtitle support

Shaka Player supports:
  - ISO-BMFF / CMAF / MP4
    - Depends on browser support for the container via MediaSource
    - Can parse "sidx" box for DASH's SegmentBase@indexRange and
      SegmentTemplate@index
    - Can find and parse "tfdt" box to find segment start time in HLS
  - WebM
    - Depends on browser support for the container via MediaSource
    - Can parse [cueing data][] elements for DASH's SegmentBase@indexRange and
      SegmentTemplate@index
    - Not supported in HLS
  - MPEG-2 TS
    - With help from [mux.js][] v5.7.0+, can be played on any browser which
      supports MP4
    - Can find and parse timestamps to find segment start time in HLS
  - WebVTT
    - Supported in both text form and embedded in MP4
  - TTML
    - Supported in both XML form and embedded in MP4
  - CEA-608
    - Supported embedded in MP4
    - With help from [mux.js][] v5.7.0+, supported embedded in TS
  - CEA-708
    - Supported embedded in MP4
    - With help from [mux.js][] v5.7.0+, supported embedded in TS
  - SubRip (SRT)
    - UTF-8 encoding only
  - LyRiCs (LRC)
    - UTF-8 encoding only
  - SubStation Alpha (SSA, ASS)
    - UTF-8 encoding only
  - SubViewer (SBV)
    - UTF-8 encoding only

Subtitles are rendered by the browser by default. Applications can create a
[text display plugin][] for customer rendering to go beyond browser-supported
attributes.

[cueing data]: https://www.webmproject.org/docs/container/#cueing-data
[text display plugin]: https://nightly-dot-shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/shaka.extern.TextDisplayer.html
<!-- TODO: replace with a link to a TextDisplayer tutorial -->


## Documentation & Important Links ##

 * [Demo](https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com)([sources](demo/))
 * [API documentation](https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/index.html)
 * [Tutorials](https://shaka-player-demo.appspot.com/docs/api/tutorial-welcome.html)
 * [Hosted builds on Google Hosted Libraries](https://developers.google.com/speed/libraries/#shaka-player)
 * [Hosted builds on jsDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/shaka-player)
 * [Development roadmap](roadmap.md)
 * [Announcement list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/shaka-player-users)
     ([join](docs/announcement-list-join-group.png) for release and survey
      announcements)


## FAQ ##

For general help and before filing any bugs, please read the
[FAQ](docs/tutorials/faq.md).


## Contributing ##

If you have improvements or fixes, we would love to have your contributions.
Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)
for more information on the process we would like contributors to follow.


## Framework Integrations ##

The Shaka team doesn't have the bandwidth and experience to provide guidance and
support for integrating Shaka Player with specific frameworks, but some of our
users have successfully done so and created tutorials to help other beginners.

Shaka + ReactJS integrations:
- https://github.com/matvp91/shaka-player-react
- https://github.com/amit08255/shaka-player-react-with-ui-config

Shaka + Next.js integration:
- https://github.com/amit08255/shaka-player-react-with-ui-config/tree/master/nextjs-shaka-player

Shaka + Vue.js integrations:
- https://github.com/davidjamesherzog/shaka-player-vuejs

Shaka + Nuxt.js integration:
- https://github.com/davidjamesherzog/shaka-player-nuxtjs

Shaka + video.js integration:
- https://github.com/davidjamesherzog/videojs-shaka

Shaka + Angular integration:
- https://github.com/PatrickKalkman/shaka-player-angular

If you have published Shaka Integration code/tutorials, please feel free to submit PRs
to add them to this list, we will gladly approve!
