roadmap.md, before:

# Shaka Player Roadmap

This doc shows all past and planned future milestones for Shaka Player, with
brief details about the goals and rough dates of each milestone.  This is not a
comprehensive list of features or fixes for each release.  For that, see
CHANGELOG.md.

The goals of future milestones are fluid until we begin that development cycle,
so the exact milestone for future features is not pre-determined.

Candidate features for future release cycles
 - MediaCapabilities to make performance-based decisions
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1391
 - Codec-switching
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1528
 - Preload API
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/880
 - Thumbnail tracks
   DASH: https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/559
   HLS: https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/2429
 - Background fetch for offline storage
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/879
 - PlayReady "recommendation" key system support
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1495
 - Smaller, more modular binary
 - Official TypeScript defs, generated from source
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1030

v3.1 - 2020 Q3
 - Low-latency live (LL-HLS, LL-DASH)
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1525
 - Own CEA parser, use mux.js only for TS
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/2648

=====

v3.0 - 2020 Q2
 - Code health improvements
 - Conversion to ES6
 - Isolate DASH periods to the DASH parser
 - HLS discontinuity support
 - IMA ad SDK integration
 - Ad controls in the UI
 - Concurrent Storage operations

v2.5 - 2019 Q2
 - Video controls UI API
 - FairPlay & iOS support
 - CEA captions in HLS/CMAF and DASH w/ mux.js
 - Single-file playback
 - DASH drift tolerance

v2.4 - 2018 Q2
 - TTML and VTT regions
 - CEA captions in HLS/TS
 - Attach/detach API

v2.3 - 2017 Q4
 - HLS live
 - Transmux TS w/ mux.js
 - NetworkInformation API to improve bandwidth estimates
 - ES6 transition begins

v2.2 - 2017 Q3
 - HLS event-type playlists
 - TextDisplayer interface
 - DASH xlink support

v2.1 - 2017 Q2
 - HLS VOD, clear & Widevine only, no CEA
 - DASH trick mode tracks
 - Async network filters

v2.0 - 2016 Q3
 - Multi-period DASH
 - Chromecast API
 - TTML, VTT-in-MP4, and TTML-in-MP4
 - Safari, Firefox, & Opera support
 - Plugin system (manifest parsers, network filters, text parsers)
 - DASH emsg box support
 - DASH IPR support

v1.6 - 2015 Q4
 - IE11, Edge, & PlayReady support
 - Chromecast added to demo app

v1.5 - 2015 Q3
 - Unified configuration system
 - Multiple DASH BaseURL elements for failover
 - Side-loaded text streams

v1.4 - 2015 Q3
 - Code health release
 - DASH Location element support
 - Buffering config API
 - License preprocessing API

v1.3 - 2015 Q2
 - DASH live
 - Offline playback

v1.2 - 2015 Q1
 - DASH Role element support

v1.1 - 2015 Q1
 - EME API updates

v1.0 - 2014 Q4
 - DASH VOD (MP4 & WebM)
 - VTT subtitles, rendered by the browser
 - Widevine support

Commit message:

Updated Shaka to version 3.2.0 and applied the Tivo Patch

roadmap.md, after:

# Shaka Player Roadmap

This doc shows all past and planned future milestones for Shaka Player, with
brief details about the goals and rough dates of each milestone.  This is not a
comprehensive list of features or fixes for each release.  For that, see
CHANGELOG.md.

The goals of future milestones are fluid until we begin that development cycle,
so the exact milestone for future features is not pre-determined.

Candidate features for future release cycles
 - HLS performance improvements
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/3363
 - HLS interstitial support
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/3364
 - Integration with Google Video ML/Cloud AI
 - Support containerless formats
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/2337
 - Support ID3 tags in mp4
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/3351
 - MSE support for FairPlay
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/3346
 - Codec-switching and order preference
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1528
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/2179
 - Configurable key-system priority
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/3002
 - Preload API
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/880
 - Thumbnail tracks
   DASH: https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/559
   HLS: https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/2429
 - Smaller, more modular binary
 - Official TypeScript defs, generated from source
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1030

v3.3 - 2021 Q3
 - Background fetch for offline storage
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/879
 - Shaka Analytics Component and an integration with BigQuery Analytics
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/3359

v3.2 - 2021 Q2
 - MediaCapabilities to make performance-based decisions
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1391

v3.1 - 2021 Q2
 - Low-latency live (LL-HLS, LL-DASH)
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/1525
 - Own CEA parser, use mux.js only for TS
   https://github.com/google/shaka-player/issues/2648

=====

v3.0 - 2020 Q2
 - Code health improvements
 - Conversion to ES6
 - Isolate DASH periods to the DASH parser
 - HLS discontinuity support
 - IMA ad SDK integration
 - Ad controls in the UI
 - Concurrent Storage operations

v2.5 - 2019 Q2
 - Video controls UI API
 - FairPlay & iOS support
 - CEA captions in HLS/CMAF and DASH w/ mux.js
 - Single-file playback
 - DASH drift tolerance

v2.4 - 2018 Q2
 - TTML and VTT regions
 - CEA captions in HLS/TS
 - Attach/detach API

v2.3 - 2017 Q4
 - HLS live
 - Transmux TS w/ mux.js
 - NetworkInformation API to improve bandwidth estimates
 - ES6 transition begins

v2.2 - 2017 Q3
 - HLS event-type playlists
 - TextDisplayer interface
 - DASH xlink support

v2.1 - 2017 Q2
 - HLS VOD, clear & Widevine only, no CEA
 - DASH trick mode tracks
 - Async network filters

v2.0 - 2016 Q3
 - Multi-period DASH
 - Chromecast API
 - TTML, VTT-in-MP4, and TTML-in-MP4
 - Safari, Firefox, & Opera support
 - Plugin system (manifest parsers, network filters, text parsers)
 - DASH emsg box support
 - DASH IPR support

v1.6 - 2015 Q4
 - IE11, Edge, & PlayReady support
 - Chromecast added to demo app

v1.5 - 2015 Q3
 - Unified configuration system
 - Multiple DASH BaseURL elements for failover
 - Side-loaded text streams

v1.4 - 2015 Q3
 - Code health release
 - DASH Location element support
 - Buffering config API
 - License preprocessing API

v1.3 - 2015 Q2
 - DASH live
 - Offline playback

v1.2 - 2015 Q1
 - DASH Role element support

v1.1 - 2015 Q1
 - EME API updates

v1.0 - 2014 Q4
 - DASH VOD (MP4 & WebM)
 - VTT subtitles, rendered by the browser
 - Widevine support
