docs/tutorials/config.md, before:

# Configuration

The goal of this tutorial is to introduce Shaka's configuration system and the
concepts on which it is built.  More detail can be found in the API docs.

Shaka's Player object has a hierarchical configuration.  The overall player
config contains sub-configs for various parts of the system, such as manifests,
streaming, and DRM.

To see the current config, you can use `player.getConfiguration()`.  If you run
this without setting anything first, you get the default configuration.

Player also has a `configure()` method that takes it's argument(s) in one of two
forms:

1. A plain, anonymous object.  Any fields you leave out of the config object
will retain their existing values, and any fields you explicitly set as
`undefined` will be reverted to their default value.  For example:

```js
player.configure({
  streaming: {
    bufferingGoal: 120
  }
});
```

2. For setting a single field, a name (full path) of the field can be provided
as the first argument (a string) and value of the field as the second. For
example:

```js
player.configure('streaming.bufferingGoal', 120);
```

You can use the code from {@tutorial basic-usage} and try these examples in
the JS console:

```js
player.getConfiguration();

=> Object
     abr: Object
       bandwidthDowngradeTarget: 0.95
       bandwidthUpgradeTarget: 0.85
       defaultBandwidthEstimate: 500000
       enabled: true
       restrictions: Object
       switchInterval: 8
     abrFactory: Function
     drm: Object
       advanced: Object
       clearKeys: Object
       retryParameters: Object
         backoffFactor: 2
         baseDelay: 1000
         fuzzFactor: 0.5
         maxAttempts: 2
         timeout: 0
       servers: Object
     manifest: Object
       dash: Object
       retryParameters: Object
     playRangeEnd: Infinity
     playRangeStart: 0
     preferredAudioLanguage: ""
     preferredTextLanguage: ""
     restrictions: Object
     streaming: Object
       bufferBehind: 30
       bufferingGoal: 10
       durationBackoff: 1
       failureCallback: Function
       ignoreTextStreamFailures: false
       alwaysStreamText: false
       jumpLargeGaps: false
       rebufferingGoal: 2
       retryParameters: Object
       smallGapLimit: 0.5
       startAtSegmentBoundary: false
       safeSeekOffset: 5
     textDisplayFactory: Function


// Example configurations, all of which are arbitrary:

// set audio language preference to Canadian French:
player.configure('preferredAudioLanguage', 'fr-CA');
// NOTE: language preferences affect the next call to load()

// set text language preference to Greek and buffering goal to 2 minutes:
player.configure({
  preferredTextLanguage: 'el',
  streaming: {
    bufferingGoal: 120
  }
});

// check audio language preference, which is still Canadian French:
player.getConfiguration().preferredAudioLanguage

// check buffering goal, which is 2 minutes:
player.getConfiguration().streaming.bufferingGoal

// check rebuffering goal, which is still the default of 2 seconds:
player.getConfiguration().streaming.rebufferingGoal

// set the rebuffering goal to 15 seconds and revert buffering goal to default:
player.configure({
  streaming: {
    bufferingGoal: undefined,
    rebufferingGoal: 15
  }
});
```

Some of these fields have immediate effects (such as networking settings and
buffering settings) while some will not have any effect until the next call to
`load()` (such as DRM settings, manifest settings, and language settings).


#### Low latency streaming

To enable low latency live streaming:
1. Set `.streaming.inaccurateManifestTolerance` to 0.
2. Set `.streaming.rebufferingGoal` to the length of 1 partial segment target
duration (for example, 0.6 second).
```js
player.configure('streaming.inaccurateManifestTolerance', 0);
player.configure('streaming.rebufferingGoal', 0.6);
```


#### Detailed API Docs

For more detail on individual configuration options, please see the API docs for
{@link shaka.extern.PlayerConfiguration} and {@link shaka.Player#configure}.


#### Continue the Tutorials

Next, check out {@tutorial network-and-buffering-config}.

Commit message:

feat(LL-HLS): Set default streaming config for low latency
To enable low latency streaming, the configuration of
inaccurateManifestTolerance should be set to 0, and rebufferingGoal
should be set to less than 1 partial segment duration.
Instead of requiring developers to set three configurations, we
default inaccurateManifestTolerance to 0 and rebufferingGoal to 0.01
with low latency mode, unless speicfied.

Issue #1525

Change-Id: I538fa6d84ced26225fe9ebdf5213b370debfa22d

docs/tutorials/config.md, after:

# Configuration

The goal of this tutorial is to introduce Shaka's configuration system and the
concepts on which it is built.  More detail can be found in the API docs.

Shaka's Player object has a hierarchical configuration.  The overall player
config contains sub-configs for various parts of the system, such as manifests,
streaming, and DRM.

To see the current config, you can use `player.getConfiguration()`.  If you run
this without setting anything first, you get the default configuration.

Player also has a `configure()` method that takes it's argument(s) in one of two
forms:

1. A plain, anonymous object.  Any fields you leave out of the config object
will retain their existing values, and any fields you explicitly set as
`undefined` will be reverted to their default value.  For example:

```js
player.configure({
  streaming: {
    bufferingGoal: 120
  }
});
```

2. For setting a single field, a name (full path) of the field can be provided
as the first argument (a string) and value of the field as the second. For
example:

```js
player.configure('streaming.bufferingGoal', 120);
```

You can use the code from {@tutorial basic-usage} and try these examples in
the JS console:

```js
player.getConfiguration();

=> Object
     abr: Object
       bandwidthDowngradeTarget: 0.95
       bandwidthUpgradeTarget: 0.85
       defaultBandwidthEstimate: 500000
       enabled: true
       restrictions: Object
       switchInterval: 8
     abrFactory: Function
     drm: Object
       advanced: Object
       clearKeys: Object
       retryParameters: Object
         backoffFactor: 2
         baseDelay: 1000
         fuzzFactor: 0.5
         maxAttempts: 2
         timeout: 0
       servers: Object
     manifest: Object
       dash: Object
       retryParameters: Object
     playRangeEnd: Infinity
     playRangeStart: 0
     preferredAudioLanguage: ""
     preferredTextLanguage: ""
     restrictions: Object
     streaming: Object
       bufferBehind: 30
       bufferingGoal: 10
       durationBackoff: 1
       failureCallback: Function
       ignoreTextStreamFailures: false
       alwaysStreamText: false
       jumpLargeGaps: false
       rebufferingGoal: 2
       retryParameters: Object
       smallGapLimit: 0.5
       startAtSegmentBoundary: false
       safeSeekOffset: 5
     textDisplayFactory: Function


// Example configurations, all of which are arbitrary:

// set audio language preference to Canadian French:
player.configure('preferredAudioLanguage', 'fr-CA');
// NOTE: language preferences affect the next call to load()

// set text language preference to Greek and buffering goal to 2 minutes:
player.configure({
  preferredTextLanguage: 'el',
  streaming: {
    bufferingGoal: 120
  }
});

// check audio language preference, which is still Canadian French:
player.getConfiguration().preferredAudioLanguage

// check buffering goal, which is 2 minutes:
player.getConfiguration().streaming.bufferingGoal

// check rebuffering goal, which is still the default of 2 seconds:
player.getConfiguration().streaming.rebufferingGoal

// set the rebuffering goal to 15 seconds and revert buffering goal to default:
player.configure({
  streaming: {
    bufferingGoal: undefined,
    rebufferingGoal: 15
  }
});
```

Some of these fields have immediate effects (such as networking settings and
buffering settings) while some will not have any effect until the next call to
`load()` (such as DRM settings, manifest settings, and language settings).


#### Low latency streaming

With `.streaming.lowLatencyMode` set to true,
`.streaming.inaccurateManifestTolerance` is set to 0 by default, and
`.streaming.rebufferingGoal` is set to 0.01 by default.

To customize the values of inaccurateManifestTolerance and rebufferingGoal
with low latency mode, you can set the fields in the same or subsequent
call to configure().
```js
player.configure({
  streaming: {
    lowLatencyMode: true,
    inaccurateManifestTolerance: 0,
    rebufferingGoal: 0.01,
  }
});

```


#### Detailed API Docs

For more detail on individual configuration options, please see the API docs for
{@link shaka.extern.PlayerConfiguration} and {@link shaka.Player#configure}.


#### Continue the Tutorials

Next, check out {@tutorial network-and-buffering-config}.
