docs/tutorials/fairplay.md, before:

# FairPlay Support

When using native `src=` playback, we support using FairPlay on Safari.
Adding FairPlay support involves a bit more work than other key systems.


## Server certificate

All FairPlay content requires setting a server certificate.  This is set in the
Player configuration:

```js
const req = await fetch('https://example.com/cert.der');
const cert = await req.arrayBuffer();

player.configure('drm.advanced.com\\.apple\\.fps\\.1_0.serverCertificate',
                 new Uint8Array(cert));
```


## Content ID

Some FairPlay content use custom signaling for the content ID.  The content ID
is used by the browser to generate the license request.  If you don't use the
default content ID derivation, you need to specify a custom init data transform:

```js
player.configure('drm.initDataTransform', (initData) => {
  const contentId = getMyContentId(initData);
  const cert = player.drmInfo().serverCertificate;
  return shaka.util.FairPlayUtils.initDataTransform(initData, contentId, cert);
});
```

## License wrapping

Some FairPlay servers need to accept the license request in a different format
or give the response in a different format.  For more info, see the general
{@tutorial license-wrapping} tutorial:

```js
player.getNetworkingEngine().registerRequestFilter((type, request) => {
  if (type != shaka.net.NetworkingEngine.RequestType.LICENSE) {
    return;
  }

  const originalPayload = new Uint8Array(request.body);
  const base64Payload =
      shaka.util.Uint8ArrayUtils.toStandardBase64(originalPayload);
  const params = 'spc=' + base64Payload;
  request.headers['Content-Type'] = 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded';
  request.body = shaka.util.StringUtils.toUTF8(encodeURIComponent(params));
});

player.getNetworkingEngine().registerResponseFilter((type, request) => {
  if (type != shaka.net.NetworkingEngine.RequestType.LICENSE) {
    return;
  }

  let responseText = shaka.util.StringUtils.fromUTF8(response.data);
  // Trim whitespace.
  responseText = responseText.trim();

  // Look for <ckc> wrapper and remove it.
  if (responseText.substr(0, 5) === '<ckc>' &&
      responseText.substr(-6) === '</ckc>') {
    responseText = responseText.slice(5, -6);
  }

  // Decode the base64-encoded data into the format the browser expects.
  response.data = shaka.util.Uint8ArrayUtils.fromBase64(responseText).buffer;
});
```

Commit message:

Optionally remove FairPlay formatting.
This replaces e990da01, which removes FairPlay formatting.  Having this
behind a flag allows partners to try out the new formatting options
under v2.5.x but doesn't break anyone who depends on the old formatting.

Issue #1951

Change-Id: I65619d35fec49dc20da4d2be2201f0d6c0f74d4a

docs/tutorials/fairplay.md, after:

# FairPlay Support

When using native `src=` playback, we support using FairPlay on Safari.
Adding FairPlay support involves a bit more work than other key systems.


## Server certificate

All FairPlay content requires setting a server certificate.  This is set in the
Player configuration:

```js
const req = await fetch('https://example.com/cert.der');
const cert = await req.arrayBuffer();

player.configure('drm.advanced.com\\.apple\\.fps\\.1_0.serverCertificate',
                 new Uint8Array(cert));
```


## Content ID

Some FairPlay content use custom signaling for the content ID.  The content ID
is used by the browser to generate the license request.  If you don't use the
default content ID derivation, you need to specify a custom init data transform:

```js
player.configure('drm.initDataTransform', (initData) => {
  const contentId = getMyContentId(initData);
  const cert = player.drmInfo().serverCertificate;
  return shaka.util.FairPlayUtils.initDataTransform(initData, contentId, cert);
});
```

## License wrapping

For v2.5.x, we provide a default license request/response filter that mirrors
the FairPlay examples.  You can remove these by setting the
`drm.fairPlayTransform` configuration to `false`.

Some FairPlay servers need to accept the license request in a different format
or give the response in a different format.  For more info, see the general
{@tutorial license-wrapping} tutorial:

```js
player.getNetworkingEngine().registerRequestFilter((type, request) => {
  if (type != shaka.net.NetworkingEngine.RequestType.LICENSE) {
    return;
  }

  const originalPayload = new Uint8Array(request.body);
  const base64Payload =
      shaka.util.Uint8ArrayUtils.toStandardBase64(originalPayload);
  const params = 'spc=' + base64Payload;
  request.headers['Content-Type'] = 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded';
  request.body = shaka.util.StringUtils.toUTF8(encodeURIComponent(params));
});

player.getNetworkingEngine().registerResponseFilter((type, request) => {
  if (type != shaka.net.NetworkingEngine.RequestType.LICENSE) {
    return;
  }

  let responseText = shaka.util.StringUtils.fromUTF8(response.data);
  // Trim whitespace.
  responseText = responseText.trim();

  // Look for <ckc> wrapper and remove it.
  if (responseText.substr(0, 5) === '<ckc>' &&
      responseText.substr(-6) === '</ckc>') {
    responseText = responseText.slice(5, -6);
  }

  // Decode the base64-encoded data into the format the browser expects.
  response.data = shaka.util.Uint8ArrayUtils.fromBase64(responseText).buffer;
});
```
