docs/tutorials/welcome.md, before:

# Welcome to Shaka Player

Shaka Player is a JavaScript library for adaptive video streaming.
It plays [DASH][] content without browser plugins using
[MediaSource Extensions][] and [Encrypted Media Extensions][].

Shaka Player is meant to be deployed after being compiled. The tools you need
to compile the sources and documentation are included in the sources:
[Closure Compiler][], [Closure Linter][], and [JSDoc][].

If you are integrating Shaka Player into another Closure-based project, our
build process will generate externs for Shaka Player itself.

If you installed Shaka Player via npm, the source has been compiled and the
externs have been generated.

[DASH]: http://dashif.org/
[MediaSource Extensions]: http://w3c.github.io/media-source/
[Encrypted Media Extensions]: https://w3c.github.io/encrypted-media/

[Closure Compiler]: https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/
[Closure Linter]: https://developers.google.com/closure/utilities/docs/linter_howto
[JSDoc]: http://usejsdoc.org/


#### Prerequisites

You can build Shaka on Linux, Windows, or Mac.
To get the sources and compile the library, you will need:
  * {@link https://git-scm.com/downloads Git v1.9+}
  * {@link https://www.python.org/downloads/ Python v2.7 or v3.5+}
  * {@link https://java.com/en/download/ Java Runtime Environment v8+}
  * {@link https://nodejs.org/en/download/ NodeJS v10+}
  * A local web server, such as {@link https://httpd.apache.org/ Apache}
    * _NOTE: A local web server is required because browsers place restrictions
      on applications from file:/// URLs._

To quickly install these prerequisites on Ubuntu or Debian, you can run this
script:

```sh
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shaka-project/shaka-player/main/build/install-linux-prereqs.sh | bash
```

We do not provide detailed instructions or scripts for installing these
prerequisites on other operating systems or on non-Debian-based Linux
distributions.  (We couldn't possibly document them all.)  You can follow the
links above to download and install the prerequisites manually on any OS.


#### Get the source

```sh
git clone https://github.com/shaka-project/shaka-player.git
cd shaka-player
```


#### Compile the library and generate the docs

```sh
python build/all.py
```

The output is:
 * dist/shaka-player.compiled.js (compiled bundle)
 * dist/shaka-player.compiled.debug.js (debug bundle)
 * dist/shaka-player.compiled.externs.js
   (generated externs, for Closure-based projects)
 * docs/api/index.html (generated documentation)


#### Run the tests

The tests depend on a few third-party tools, which are installed automatically
via `npm` when you run the tests. Nothing will be installed globally.

Run the tests in your platform's browsers using `./build/test.py`. You can
specify particular browsers with the `--browsers` argument. For example:

```sh
./build/test.py --browsers Opera

# or:

./build/test.py --browsers Chrome,Firefox,Edge
```

You can find a full list of available browsers with `--browsers help`, and you
can find a complete list of testing options with `--help`.


#### Join the announcement list

If you want to receive release or survey announcements, you should join our
[mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/shaka-player-users).
The list is very low volume.


#### Continue the Tutorials

Next, check out {@tutorial basic-usage}.

Commit message:

docs: Add Dockerfile and docker build instructions (#3547)
Many devs using Shaka and wishing to compile the library are required to install all prerequisites on their machine. For docker devs, this is extremely bad as it requires installing Java and Python on OS.
This commit adds a basic configuration for quick compilation via Docker, without requiring any other prerequisites. Improvements can be made in order to allow all Shaka workflow inside Docker.

Suggested in #181

docs/tutorials/welcome.md, after:

# Welcome to Shaka Player

Shaka Player is a JavaScript library for adaptive video streaming.
It plays [DASH][] content without browser plugins using
[MediaSource Extensions][] and [Encrypted Media Extensions][].

Shaka Player is meant to be deployed after being compiled. The tools you need
to compile the sources and documentation are included in the sources:
[Closure Compiler][], [Closure Linter][], and [JSDoc][].

If you are integrating Shaka Player into another Closure-based project, our
build process will generate externs for Shaka Player itself.

If you installed Shaka Player via npm, the source has been compiled and the
externs have been generated.

[DASH]: http://dashif.org/
[MediaSource Extensions]: http://w3c.github.io/media-source/
[Encrypted Media Extensions]: https://w3c.github.io/encrypted-media/

[Closure Compiler]: https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/
[Closure Linter]: https://developers.google.com/closure/utilities/docs/linter_howto
[JSDoc]: http://usejsdoc.org/


#### Prerequisites

You can build Shaka on Linux, Windows, or Mac.
To get the sources and compile the library, you will need:
  * {@link https://git-scm.com/downloads Git v1.9+}
  * {@link https://www.python.org/downloads/ Python v2.7 or v3.5+}
  * {@link https://java.com/en/download/ Java Runtime Environment v8+}
  * {@link https://nodejs.org/en/download/ NodeJS v10+}
  * A local web server, such as {@link https://httpd.apache.org/ Apache}
    * _NOTE: A local web server is required because browsers place restrictions
      on applications from file:/// URLs._

If you just want to compile for export to other projects, you might consider compiling through a docker container. (see compile instructions)

To quickly install these prerequisites on Ubuntu or Debian, you can run this
script:

```sh
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shaka-project/shaka-player/main/build/install-linux-prereqs.sh | bash
```

We do not provide detailed instructions or scripts for installing these
prerequisites on other operating systems or on non-Debian-based Linux
distributions.  (We couldn't possibly document them all.)  You can follow the
links above to download and install the prerequisites manually on any OS.


#### Get the source

```sh
git clone https://github.com/shaka-project/shaka-player.git
cd shaka-player
```


#### Compile the library and generate the docs

```sh
python build/all.py
```

Alternatively you can use a docker container:
```sh
cd build/docker
docker-compose run --rm shaka-compiler
```

The output is:
 * dist/shaka-player.compiled.js (compiled bundle)
 * dist/shaka-player.compiled.debug.js (debug bundle)
 * dist/shaka-player.compiled.externs.js
   (generated externs, for Closure-based projects)
 * docs/api/index.html (generated documentation)


#### Run the tests

The tests depend on a few third-party tools, which are installed automatically
via `npm` when you run the tests. Nothing will be installed globally.

Run the tests in your platform's browsers using `./build/test.py`. You can
specify particular browsers with the `--browsers` argument. For example:

```sh
./build/test.py --browsers Opera

# or:

./build/test.py --browsers Chrome,Firefox,Edge
```

You can find a full list of available browsers with `--browsers help`, and you
can find a complete list of testing options with `--help`.


#### Join the announcement list

If you want to receive release or survey announcements, you should join our
[mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/shaka-player-users).
The list is very low volume.


#### Continue the Tutorials

Next, check out {@tutorial basic-usage}.
